## License disclaimer

`This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License as
published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the
License, or (at your option) any later version.`

`This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
Affero General Public License for more details.`

`You should have received a copy of the GNU Affero General Public
License along with this program.  If not, see
<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.`


## CCP Copyright notice

`EVE Online, the EVE logo, EVE and all associated logos and designs are
the intellectual property of CCP hf. All artwork, screenshots,
characters, vehicles, storylines, world facts or other recognizable
features of the intellectual property relating to these trademarks are
likewise the intellectual property of CCP hf. EVE Online and the EVE
logo are the registered trademarks of CCP hf. All rights are reserved
worldwide. All other trademarks are the property of their respective
owners. CCP hf. has granted permission to Osmium to use EVE Online and
all associated logos and designs for promotional and information
purposes on its website but does not endorse, and is not in any way
affiliated with, Osmium. CCP is in no way responsible for the content
on or functioning of this website, nor can it be liable for any damage
arising from the use of this website.`

## Other credits

* Osmium uses libdogma, released under the GNU General Public License,
version 3 (or later).
<https://github.com/Artefact2/libdogma>

* Osmium uses php-dogma, released under the GNU Affero General Public
License, version 3 (or later).
<https://github.com/Artefact2/php-dogma>

* Osmium uses the Common Loadout Format PHP validator, released under
the WTFPL license, version 2.
<https://github.com/Artefact2/common-loadout-format>

* Osmium uses jQuery, released under the MIT license.
<https://jquery.org/>

* Osmium uses jQuery-ui, released under the MIT license.
<https://jqueryui.com/>

* Osmium uses the PHP Markdown Extra library, released under the GNU
General Public License, version 2.
<http://michelf.com/projects/php-markdown/>

* Osmium uses the phpass library, released in the public domain.
<http://www.openwall.com/phpass/>

* Osmium uses js-deflate, released under the GNU General Public License,
version 2.
<https://github.com/dankogai/js-deflate/>

* Osmium uses jsPlumb, released under the MIT license.
<https://github.com/sporritt/jsPlumb/>

* Osmium uses perfect-scrollbar, released under the MIT license.
<https://noraesae.github.io/perfect-scrollbar/>

* Osmium uses Mousetrap, released under the Apache 2.0 license.
<https://github.com/ccampbell/mousetrap/>

* Background image: "[706 - Stars - Seamless
Pattern](https://secure.flickr.com/photos/zooboing/4594422812/)", by
[Patrick Hoesly](https://secure.flickr.com/photos/zooboing/), used
under [CC-BY-2.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0/),
desaturated from original.

* Osmium uses data from [Eve-Kill](https://eve-kill.com/) and
[EVE-Central](https://eve-central.com/).
